Help File

READ-Command
-The READ-Command allows you to read .txt or .asm files. To use it you have to
 type 'read' and then pass the file name. The file name has to be in the 8.3
 format
 (8 letter for the name, 3 for the extension) because this OS uses FAT16

-If you read a long file (more than 28 lines), then the READ-Command stops at
 line 28.

 Press any key to continue reading or press 'q' to quit to terminal again


WRITE-Command
-The WRITE-Command writes an empty .TXT or .ASM file to the disk. 
 You have to name this file in the 8.3 format.
-After creating the file you can open the file with the XIR Texteditor.
 It will highlight Assembly syntax in .ASM files.

LS-Command:
-The LS-Command shows the content of the root directory. It will also show
 the size in bytes of the files and the first cluster in the data area.

RENAME-Command:
-The RENAME-Command allows you to change the file name of a file. Be careful
 because if you rename .BIN files, you cant execute them until you rename
 them back.

DEL-Command:
-With the DEL-Command you can delete files and programs. Note that if you
 delete a file, there is no turning back. Altough it might seem so, you cant
 delete the KERNEL.BIN file.

LSDISK-Command:
-To see all available disks type LSDISK. It will show you floppies
 and hard disks.

CDISK-Command:
-The CDISK-Command allows you to use multiple disks. To change the disk, 
 type CDISK and then the letter of the disk. A and B are floppies, which the
 system doesnt support yet. C is the root disk, where this OS
 is installed. D and E are external hard drives,
 which you can use to store more data.

To use all these commands simply type it like this: command <args>
Example: cdisk D / read SYSTEM.TXT

If you read or write a file, all letters have to be capital and there must be
a dot between the filename and the extension. The maximum length of the
filename is 8 characters. The extension has to be always three letters.
Following characters are forbidden in the filename: 